Previously on
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend...
You're more stable
and self-aware than you were.
And you're a loving person
who deserves love.
REBECCA:
I need to counteract
my systemic, socioeconomic,
racial and cisgener advantages.
Oh, you mean that?
I am applying
to law school!
PAULA: I'm old.
Maybe-maybe it's too late.
Maybe this whole law school
thing is dumb, okay?
It's not dumb.
Your dreams are not dumb.
The first second I came here,
you've been so nice to me.
This is a joke.
You're a joke, Bert.
I know that me being here
is not your first choice,
but... you're
stuck with me.
HEATHER: Hector and I
bought a condo in El Segundo,
so... we're moving.
I'm moving to New York.
I am worried that your
body spray is gonna
waft into her room and she's
gonna know that you're here,
so leave... without wafting.
Someone asked me to change
the water cooler on the way in.
What is this?
♪ Meet Rebecca
♪ She's the coolest girl
in the world, wait ♪
♪ Wrong Rebecca
♪ It's this one over here
♪ She's spunky, she's sweet,
a generous friend ♪
♪ Oh, but there
she looks kind of mean ♪
Hmm.♪ Okay, she's snarky
♪ Sarcastic and a...
What? ♪
♪ You know, we're not really
seeing a common theme ♪
♪ Meet Rebecca
♪ She's too hard to summarize
♪ So let's go back
to Other Rebecca. ♪
I eat my own eyelashes.
VALENCIA:
Guys, I am so NYC right now.
My apartment is tiny...
but I've got this great couch
that you can pull out
to be a bed,
then a desk...Wow.
...then a dining room table,
and then a Pilates reformer.
Ooh, très chic!
It's like your little
first-class cabin.
Exactly. Especially since
the bathroom is down the hall
and you share it
with ten other people.Yeah.
Guys, I love
having you both available
at the touch of a button.
Yay, technology,
bridging the endless divides.
Well, I'm at Home Base,
just 2.4 miles from you, so...
VALENCIA:
Anyway,
how are you, Rebecca?
Is today group therapy day?
No, V, her group is Thursday,
individual therapy is Friday,
equestrian share circle is...
Wednesday, and horses
give me a rash now,
so I don't even think
I'm gonna go anymore.
God, this is exhausting.
Guys, I know all this
emotional work
is necessary and productive,
but I'm excited
to have a day off.
For 24 hours, I don't want to
talk about my feelings
or my problems
or my personality disorder.
And I know just
what I want to do today.
So, I was on Instagram,
and I found this place
called Harry's Hog Shop,
it's this BBQ place in Irvine...
Oh, I love that place.
I peep at their Instagram
all day; it's pure food porn.
I really want to
bone those ribs.
Awesome. So let's go!
Let's go get some treif.
Man, I can't. I'm working today
at two diff HB's. Ugh, sorry.
You should call Paula.
Isn't that what you guys
like to do together?
Eat food for fun
instead of fuel?
REBECCA:
No, she's studying today.
Poop.Oh, I know.
What about the rest of
your old Whitefeather crew?
You could go with one of them?
Oh, that's a good idea.
I don't really spend much time
with any of them anymore
and no one really
knows me well enough
to get into the heavy stuff.
Yeah, I'll just fire up
that old work text chain.
And send.
HEATHER: Hold on.
Wait a second, Rebecca.
Is, um, Darryl
on that text chain?
Yeah.Ugh. Darryl, right.
My bad. Listen, if you're
looking to keep it light,
he's not your person.
He's so emo.
Yeah, love him, but he is a
"have a feeling, say a feeling"
kind of guy.
It'll be fine.
Even if he comes,
there will be a ton
of other people there.
It's all good.
And he's my friend.
He'll be fine if I just
explain to him what I want.
I don't know, can you really ask
people to be notwho they are?
Especially someone
who is so... um, Darryl.
Ugh.DARRYL: Doing baby laundry
makes me want to cry.
Look at her little socks.
She's already getting too
big for some of them.
God, time flies, Evelyn.
I feel like I'm
already losing her.
Oh, let me
do that, Darryl.
I'm the nanny.
It's what I do.
You've been home every day
since I started.
The point of hiring me
is so that you can
get your life started again.
See friends, have fun.
Okay. I guess you're right.
It's just, who
would I go with?
Where would I go?
I missed a text. Huh.
Yum!
REBECCA:
Ugh. AJ, listen to this
parade of no's.
George: "Did you mean to
send this to me? If yes, no."
Bert: "Not allowed within
the Irvine city limits."
Maya: "Eek, sorry, can't.
In Solvang with Emma Watson."
Oh, yeah.Who says "eek, sorry" anyway?
Ooh, AJ, can you come?
Eek, sorry. I'm working.
For you. Right now.
In front of you.
Oh, right. Boo.If you're looking for fun,
why not go on the apps?
You haven't been on a date
since I started working here
and you're afraid
your hymen is coming back.
Wait, how'd you know that?
You told me. Repeatedly.
I was gonna report it to HR,
but you are HR.
And AJ, I just
can't go on the apps.
I only attract toxic
or unavailable men,
then I fall for them.
It's... a whole thing.
I should tell you
about it sometime, oof.
You've told me about it. You've
done nothing but talk about it.
I was actually gonna
report that, too.
God, why is this so hard?
I just want to share a fun
and carefree car trip
and some smoked meats
with someone
who's a super chill hang.
Oh...
Darryl's in.
Huh?
You said
you wanted a chill hang.
That's not Darryl.
We only met once and ended up
spending the whole time
talking about our mothers
and crying our eyes out.
Dude is extra.
Well, AJ, everyone else said no.
So Darryl is what I got.
And it's gonna work.
It has to.
I need this day.
Oh, there you are.
Thought you were studying
for your finals.
Well, I was about to. In here.
In my new office.
Um, but I couldn't get started
because something's missing.
Your butt in a chair?
No. A desk.
I need a desk.
I need to study for finals
and soon, the bar,
and to do that I need a proper,
lawyerly desk.
I'm gonna be a lawyer.
A lawyer, Scott.
Well, you've worked so hard.
You're almost there, babe.
Sometimes I can't believe it.
I mean, you know,
my dad always-- hold on.
Let's not restrict this
just to my dad.
Everyone said that I would end
up nothing but a baby factory
and yet here I am,
about to introduce myself
to the world as an attorney.
And all I need to do
to get to that monumental,
not-at-all scary place
is study.
Hence, a desk.
We have that folding table
in the garage.
I'll get it.
A folding table?
Come on. Scott, no.
I have found the perfect desk.
It is gorgeous, and it totally
says "big-time lawyer lady."
The only problem is that
it is in San Bernardino
and it is too big
for our minivan,
so I found an app called...
"Bro With A Truck."
They send a bro
with a pickup,
and I'm pretty excited
because my bro is Driver 78.
He has a five-star
rating, he likes music,
is a Pisces, and he scuba dived
off the Great Barrier Reef.
Sounds like you're going on
a date with him or something.
Tanya!
Have a great day. Hope it's
a great desk, you deserve it.
God, I love that.
Still remains a tasty move.
Here is your burger
and cabbage.
I call it the "No One
Wants That," so...
Okay, you're welcome. Did you
want anything to drink?
Yes, water.
Yes, water, please
and thank you.
If you say so.
Ah.
Hey, Nathaniel.
I went to your house
but you weren't there,
so I called all of the dining
establishments in the city
until I found you.
Why?Oh, some mail came
for you at the
office yesterday,
so I thought I'd bring it to you
the way, you know,
coworkers with a good rapport
bring things to each other
on Saturdays.
Uh-oh.
Burger salad.
Are you in trouble?
My grandmother used to make that
for me and my seven sisters
when we were bad.
Great. Mail. Cool.
Okay, you got me.
The mail was a pretext.
I wanted to spend some
out-of-office time with you.
We started off on
the wrong foot.
I'd-I'd really like to
get to know each other.
Huh. I don't want to do that.
But I-I do want to do that.
But... all right,
m-maybe some other time.
Bye-bye.
Here you go.
I'm sorry.
He's so rude. I kind of
just think that's who he is.
He dated one of
my best friends
and he was also randomly
at my wedding
because my husband
is his surf instructor.
But I've always never liked him.
I think he's kind of a dick.
I don't know.
I think he's just
not very open emotionally,
because he's sad
about some things in his life.
I get it.
When my seven sisters died
in that tragic
tandem bike accident,
it took me 14 years to deal
with it, to even cry.
One good cry
and that young man...
well, he'll probably
have a ways to go,
but, I don't know,
maybe it'll work.
I just think he's broken.
I'm so sorry about your sisters.
Thank you.Yeah.
Ooh, you should have
seen the mess.
Boom!
Hello?
MAN: Driver 78 is here!
P-P-P-Paula!
It is you.
Customer 99 is you. Yes!
You It's not you.
You don't scuba dive.
Uh, yeah, I scuba-did.
When I was ten, I scuba-doved.
That's not-- scuba-dove...
I-I thought you had another job.
You're a DJ.
Yeah, that's at night.
During the day I like to
pick up some extra cash.
Plus, Hector's mom likes me
to be out of the house
during the day; that's when she
Jacuzzis and edits the podcast.
Well, that's good.
I mean, you're saving up money
to move out of her house, then.
What? No. I'm not moving out.
Though we could
use a bigger place
and we do dream about owning.
Wow. Josh...
I am, I am, as always,
amazed at your utter Joshness.
Thanks.Look,
I just don't know
if I can do this today.
I thought I was gonna
spend the day with a stranger.
And maybe I should just
get another driver.
Do-do it tomorrow.
Cancellation fee is $200.
Okay, let's go.
Damn it!
♪ Everybody's
falling for each other ♪
♪ Bom-bom, bom,
all-all one by... ♪
Nathaniel?
:
What?
Uh, what happened?
I forgot to charge my car
and now I'm out of juice.
I've been trying
to get an Uber,
but these idiot drivers
keep canceling on me.
Huh. You must have
a bad rating.
The ratings go both ways?
Socialists.
Okay, good catching up, bye-bye.
No, wait, wait, wait.
Um... Uh...
can I have a ride?
Ugh, sorry.
Can I have a ride,
please and thank you?
Look at you!
You look like a small-town
mayor at a 1970s rodeo.
Or, oh, you look like
the guy in the porno
who goes, "Nancy,
I want those oil reports
on my desk yesterday."
Thank you.
I go all-out for barbecue.
It's like I say:
"It ain't a real meal
unless you suit up
from hat to heel."
Ha! That's funny.
Oh, you're fun.
And anyone who said
you would not be fun
or would be super emo is wrong,
because you're already rhyming
and you're already
in a costume...
Well, this is
not a costume...
In an outfit
that screams "costume,"
and we're just
gonna have fun, fun, fun.
Hey, before then-- um,
Darryl, you know I'm in
an extensive amount of therapy,
and I have learned
in therapy
to make my wishes clear.
So I would like
to clearly say...
I'm just looking for a fun,
easy breezy day,
no heavy convos
Yep. No problem.
Aw, look at us.
Me and you, heading out
on the open road,
two old friends that...
have been through
so much together...
Yep, that's not
what you want.
I will not
do that again.
All right. Let's go.
Okeydokey, pokey.
JOSH:
So therapy has given me
a whole new perspective
on the world, a
whole new vocabulary
for talking about
my feelings,
also something to do
on Monday nights, huh?
That's nice, Josh.
Good for you.
Yeah, I think some of my issues
started with potty training.
My mother bribed
me with candy,
so I wasn't
internally motivated.
I mean, you really need to
start with what's inside
and then go outside.
At least...
...got hard candy
if I went number one,
I got chocolate
if I did number two,
which I thought
was kind of funny,
because, like, chocolate.
Oh, that reminds me--
being picked first for kickball
every single time was at
once an honor and a burden,
and created a kind of
split in my psyche.
I mean, it's not that difficult of a difference.
Okay-- shotokan, tae kwon do.
...need to count in Korean--
hana, dul, set, net, dasol,
yasot, iilgup, yodol.
And then Japanese is
ichi, ni, san, shi, go, roku,
shichi, hachi, kyuu, juu.
I get 'em confused,
sometimes,
but it's really
not hard at all.
When I was working at Aloha,
I felt so trapped
in that back office.
Sometimes literally,
because Alex would put
boxes in front of the door,
and that sucked.
No, sorry.
That made me feel
sucked. Ugh.
Josh, what?
Oh, yeah.
You're not in therapy.
You don't get the lingo.
Well, what's the lingo for,
"For the love of God,
please stop talking"?
I think it's, "Let's sit
with that for a minute."
Right.Dr. A says that a lot.
Mm
Anyway, what's so special about
this desk that you got to go
all the way out
to San Bernardino?
There's got to be some good
desks closer to home...
Josh... I don't want to talk.
So I'll just drop you off
at your apartment, or...?
No, I'm going to Santa Monica.
Santa Monica, pronto.
What?
Oh, God. Sorry.
Santa Monica, please, pronto.
Oh, wow, you're a
real piece of work.
You're asking to be
chauffeured to the beach?
You've got a
lot of nerve.
But lucky for you,
I am headed
to the El Segundo Home Base,
which is at the beach,
so it's basically on the way and
also I'm a really nice person.
Okay. Thank you.
Wow, "thank you"-- we're
really getting somewhere.
God, this car...
is disgusting.
This is like an old
mobile garbage can.
How do you live like this
There's nothing
wrong with this car.
It gets me where
I need to go
and I have access to all of my
belongings, which is great.
Okay.Also, it's none
of your business.
Cool. Well, if I need
a dirty shirt
or an empty water bottle
or hair scrunchies,What...
I'm good to go.
Oh, yeah, 'cause
I'm the weird one.
Why are you clutching
that envelope?
This envelope
is not your concern.
Just drive, please.
Thank you. Pronto.
Fine, but your rating
is gonna be a zero, so...
It's a lovely day
to eat some ribs, right?
Yeah, it's a beautiful day.Mm.
So, you talk to Valencia
and Heather lately?Uh-huh.
They're doing great, right?Yeah.
Must be hard that
they moved away.
How's that make you feel?
Heart hurting?
Oh, sorry.
No, I-I did it.
I see that.
It's okay. You
made a mistake.
We all make mistakes,
God knows I do. It's fine.
Um, let's do something fun.
Let's sing a car song.
Oh, I know a great car song,
let me teach you. It goes...
: "This song
goes in a loop-de-loop.
:
I love car songs.It starts... The...
I love 'em.Oh.
They remind me
of my childhood.
What was your childhood like?
Oh, was it tough?
Oh, tell me your-your first sad
memory that you can think of.
Hey, Darryl, just...
can we not?
I'm begging you.
Just... can we not?
My bad.Thank you.
Hey... could you not
do that either?
Thanks.
♪
♪ Well, you set out
on a road trip ♪
♪ And you thought
it would be really fun ♪
♪ Thought, thought,
thought it'd be fun♪
♪ Cruisin' down the highway
in the bright California sun ♪
♪ Sun fun, fun in the sun♪
♪ But something feels off,
something's not quite right ♪
♪ And now you're hoping that
♪ The end's in sight,
because you're ♪
♪ Trapped in a car with
someone you don't wanna be ♪
♪ Trapped, trapped,
trapped in a car♪
♪ Trapped in a car with
someone you don't wanna be ♪
♪ Trapped, trapped,
trapped in a car♪
♪ And now this person's
eating corn chips ♪
♪ Where did those come from?
HEATHER and PAULA:
♪ From, from, where did
the corn chips come from?♪
♪ It's hard to focus
on a podcast ♪
♪ Because they've
started to hum ♪
REBECCA and NATHANIEL:
♪ Hum, hum, I will
rip off your mouth♪
♪ We pass a mini golf course
and they go ♪
♪ "Ooh!" NATHANIEL: ♪ Just when you think
it's getting better ♪
♪ They take off their shoes,
because you're ♪
ALL:
♪ Trapped in a car with
someone you don't wanna be ♪
♪ Oh, God, your toes,
do you have a disease? ♪
ALL:
♪ Trapped in a car with
someone you don't wanna be ♪
REBECCA and NATHANIEL:
♪ They smell so bad,
see a doctor, please ♪
♪ And the car ride
is so endless ♪
♪ It feels like so
much time has passed ♪
♪ That your taste evolves
♪ And you enter a more
♪ Experimental era
of your music career ♪
♪ Why do we even
have cars at all? ♪
♪ In the scheme of things,
this Earth is small ♪
♪ Or do I really
need to travel somewhere? ♪
♪ Or can I get there
in my mind? ♪
♪ I could leave
everyone else behind ♪
♪ Like him
♪ And her
♪ And him
♪ Alhambra, Glendora
♪ La Puente,
here's some more-a ♪
♪ Covina, Pasadena
♪ My baby, have you seen her?
♪ Oh, no
♪ The car ride
has gone on so long ♪
♪ That we're now in the later
♪ More commercial stages
of our career ♪
♪ Because we're
♪ Trapped in a car
with someone ♪
♪ I don't wanna be
trapped in a car with ♪
♪ Ontario, Alhambra,
we already said Alhambra ♪
NATHANIEL, PAULA, HEATHER:
♪ Trapped in a car
with someone ♪
♪ We don't wanna be
♪ Trapped in a car with
♪ Piña colada,
that should be a city♪
♪ Trapped in a song with
someone we don't wanna be ♪
♪ Trapped, trapped,
trapped in a song♪
♪ Trapped in a car with
someone I don't wanna be ♪
♪ Trapped in a car with ♪ Trapped, trapped...♪
:
♪ Trapped in a car with someone
I don't wanna be ♪
♪ Trapped in a car with. What are you mumbling
progressively more quietly
each time?
Nothing.Okay.
WOMAN:
So you need a desk for studying!
How wonderful.
What are you studying for?
Uh, law school finals.
I mean, I haven't started yet.
I need the right desk.
You get it.
No, not really.
But I-I do my bills
standing over a sink
eating a ripe grapefruit.
Saves a plate.
Oh. You need this desk
for your finals, Paula?
Wow, what an important
errand I'm on.
So honored.
All right, let's get
this puppy in the truck
and get you studying ASAP.
Now I...
Wow, this whole thing
is just gonna take 90 minutes.
That's so fast.
Oh, wait a second.
Hold on a second. Uh-oh.
There's a scratch here.WOMAN: Really?
I-I don't see how.
I stored it away from
my leopard and my anteaters.
Uh, no, I mean, well,
look right here.
It's a big old scratch that
wasn't in the photos,
so because it wasn't previously
disclosed-- lawyer term--
um, it's just not gonna work out
for me, Mrs. Beattie, I'm sorry.
But, um, that's okay,
because I was looking at
another desk.
It's in San Diego, and if
we take all the right freeways,
it's only three hours.
No, Paula, you
need this desk now.
It's an important step
to you becoming a lawyer.
Don't worry, this won't
hold us up. I got this.
I brought a wood finishing pen
in case there were any dings
or nicks in the
moving process.
Oh, well, aren't you...
clever.
JOSH:
See, works like a charm.
Wow, it really does.
Well done.
So let's load it
in the truck.
Well, n-no,
we can't go now.
I mean, that would be rude.
We just got here
and I'm sure Mrs. Beattie
wants to show us
all of her beautiful
trash... sures.
Oh, excuse me, honey.
You really want to hear all
about my wonderful belongings?
PAULA: Yeah.BEATTIE:
Well, this owl right here...
PAULA: Has no eyes.BEATTIE:
I don't like them looking at me.
So, the whole ride,
you're just not gonna tell me
why you're cuddling
a puffy envelope
like a toddler clutching
a stuffed animal?
Why do you care?Oh, I don't.
I'm just annoyed that
you won't tell me.
I mean, you were
at my wedding.
:
So what?
So that, like, bonds us.
It really doesn't.
I was at Kate Middleton's
wedding
and we barely speak
anymore.
Okay.
Why is your car
making weird noises?
Oh, yeah. Those aren't weird.
I know exactly what those are.
It happens every 12 miles or so.
I just duct tape the coolant
hose and then I'm good to go.
Wow.
Crafty. Very Etsy.
Mm-hmm. Yep.
I am gonna pull over though,
'cause this is pretty dangerous,
so...
Yes.
♪ Turn your radio on
♪ I think they're playing
Haggard and Jones ♪
Oh, this place
is so cool!
Yeah, yeah, it's real awesome.
Howdy!
How many buckaroos will you be?Just two.
Two buddies sharing
a special day in our lives.
No, it-it's just
a regular day.
Uh, he's being
a little extra right now.
Oh.What does that mean?
What does "extra" mean?
I hope you don't mind,
the only table we have left
is what we call our
"Hitched At The Hip" table.
It's facing the same way,
cuddled in together.
Okay. Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Fun. Fun, fun,
fun. Fun.
Yeah, as long as I don't
talk about any heavy stuff.
This one wants to
keep it light today.
Okay, Darryl,
I'm sure the nice lady
doesn't want to
hear about us.
Yeah, you see,
she's been through a lot;
she has a disorder.
Oh, my God, Darryl,
will you stop?
I'm sorry.
Why are you mad?
You know why I'm mad.
I just wanted to have a fun day.
Why is that too much to ask?
I tried. I was trying.
Okay, well, not hard enough.
You know what?
Let's just go.
This was a bad idea.
It's not your fault.
You just happen to be everything
I didn't want today.
I'm sorry. I-I
didn't mean that.
Yeah, you did.
Okay.
Let's just,
let's just leave.
No. No, no. I'm not about to
get into a car with you.
I can't believe that I used
the first day away from Hebby
to be with you.Darryl,
come on.You know,
sometimes I think we're close,
like when you give me parts
of your genetic code
to make a person,
but sometimes it feels like
you just don't like me.
And I look past it,
because I like
the good parts of you,
and I know
you have some challenges,
but that is no excuse
for you to be unkind.
BEATTIE:
And this is Terrence.
He's missing an eyeball.
My husband hit him over the head
with a shovel
and the eyeball went flying.
Actually, I think it's in
this candy tin right here.
Oh, you know, Paula,
we got to go.
W-While you guys are talking
about eyeballs and stuff,
I'll put the desk in the truck,
okay? Just meet me out there.
By yourself?
That seems heavy.
Maybe I should call
for another bro.
Nah, I got this.
BEATTIE: Oh, dear.PAULA: Wow.
Oh, uh, your, uh,
water cooler's empty.
Ah.
There we go.
Don't worry, Paula,
I'll have you studying
in no time.
I won't let you down.
Let's hug.
Oh...
All right.
♪
I'm gonna put this
on my sad cowboy
Instagram meme account.
I just want to wait in peace
for my Uber, thank you.
Darryl, I'm really sorry.
And there's no excuse
for how I spoke to you.
ButI needed a break
from being asked
to explore and express
and expand upon my feelings.
I do it all the time,
and I'm just exhausted.
But that's not your fault.
And I really am
very sorry for what I said.
And for how I've been all day.
Okay.
Thank you.
I don't think
an Uber's even coming.
I've got a two-star,
"too-talkative" rating.
You know what?
I got an idea.
Let's do this,
let's just go get
something to eat.
I personally am starving.
Oh, my God, me, too.
Let's just get down
on some ribs.
Okay?Ah.
No more emotional sharing,
no more probing, none of it.
Really?
'Cause I would love that.
Oh, well, it's happening.
Boom!
What?!Ha-ha-ha!
♪ Look at this,
'cause I'm always prepared. ♪
Oh, my God,
that's awesome.
That's for you,
my friend.
No!
Come on, little lady.Okay.
Let's get our feed on!
NATHANIEL:
I can't believethis
is your car,
this is what you drive.
Aren't you supposed to be, like,
a branch manager or something?
And you drive around
in an old junker?
Is that what you think
of yourself?
I did not ask for your opinion.
Okay. It's just
that people
who respect themselves
usually drive decent cars
they keep clean;
it's just a fact.
You know, I've had
about enough of you.
You're being a dick.
Pardon me?
No, pardon you.
Oh, my God, you think
the world revolves around you
because you're
all smart and tall
and rich and white
and spoiled
and male with playful hair.
Hey, don't talk about my hair.Let me tell you something.
I know you think you're
awesome, I get that,
but I don't like you.
I never liked you.
I don't like how
you talk to people.
I nevergot what
Rebecca saw in you.
I think you're
a rich, entitled bully,
and you're hiding
what's in that envelope,
and it's so freaking
weird! You're weird.
I'mweird? You drive
Archie's jalopy,
and I'mthe weird one?
Just shut up and just give me
that envelope.No. Hey.
Oh!
Oh, my God.
What is all this?
It's Heidi.
I'm sorry, what?
These are the ashes of Heidi,
my beloved, dead au pair.
Oh.
Mmm. Mmm.
Mmm, God.Mmm, mmm.
So... good.
Mmm.Oh.
Oh, I guess
you guys hatedit.
It was disgusting.
No, we are never
coming back here. Uh-uh.Oh!
Ah.There you go.
Thank you.
Thank you, guys.
Hey, you want to get
back to the maze?
Yes!
Mmm.Choose your weapon.
Mmm. Mmm, mmm.
Okay, so, let's see, we start
at the sexy cowgirl.
The weirdly sexy cowgirl.
Mm-hmm. And that pony's
not too bad, either.And then we...
You know what
I'm really happy that you
just wanted to have fun today.
Really?Yeah.
'Cause you're right,
sometimes I can be too...
probe-y and disclose-y
and look inward-y.
I mean, you'd make
a great gynecologist.
But now, look at us.
We are fun.
You know, we're fun people,
we're really fun people.Probably the best table.
Best table on the block.
And...
thank you.
Hey.
Should we get some more food?
Nah. I'm stuffed.
I couldn't eat another bite.
Ha! Kidding.
Waitress!Oh-ho-ho-ho!
I have human remains on me.
That's your fault, okay?
You grabbed the bag.
This is your fault.
What is your deal?
Why are you driving around
clutching someone's ashes?
And don't tell me
it's none of my business,
because it is all over me.
Why are you
carrying around
a dead Heidi,
and what is an au pair?
An au pair is rich
for "babysitter."
She took care of me
from the day I was born
until I was 17.
She passed away this year,
and her family...
they gave me a portion of her
ashes to scatter in the ocean,
because that's where
we went to a lot together.
That's what she wanted.
Wait, what?
You were so close to someone
that they wanted you
to scatter their ashes?
It's that hard
for you to believe
that I was ever close
to someone?
Uh, yeah.
Well, I was.
I was close to her.
I loved her.
And she loved me.
She practically raised me.
If I needed somebody,
she was there.
Then she went back to Austria.
And the very next person
to love me like that
was Rebecca.
♪
And now they're gone.
They're both gone.
The people I cared about most
in my life...
...are gone.
REBECCA and DARRYL:
♪ This song goes
in a loop-de-loop♪
♪ It starts at the end,
and it ends at the start ♪
♪ And this song goes
in a loop-de-loop... ♪
Oh, my God, that is
such a great song!Right, it's so...
Oh!Oh, my God.
:
You're so gross... Oh.
We can't go home like this.No.
We put the "ew" in "barbecue."
I'm kind of meat-drunk,
so I really like
that dad joke right
now, actually.
Ooh, ooh. Wait,
there's a truck stop.
Do you want
to go wash up?
And also, I'm weirdly
still hungry, so maybe
get some dessert, right?
Let's do it!
Yeah! Okay.
♪
PAULA:
So you got that from a man
named Grover in Cleveland
who was not Grover Cleveland?
Exactly.
Exactly.Ah...
That's a good
one, though.
Paula. What are you doing?
The desk is
in the truck.
We got to go.
I-I have a gig tonight.
What? Well, we can't leave
before we see the collection
of vintage tuna
containers.
Ooh, and
Mrs. Beattie
has invited us
over for dinner!
That's it, Paula! Enough!
I can't stay here
all night enabling
your procrastination caused
by an inner fear of success
that's making you put off
studying for your finals.
Wow. Josh.
Did I get that right?
Oh, my God, I think you did.
Sounds right to me.
But what do I know?
I got 43 porcelain cats.
Only 43, huh?
There, there.
I'm lonely.
So lonely.
I don't know why I can't have
that closeness with anyone else.
Huh.
Well, you could try
being nicer to people.
That could be
a good first step.
You think I
don't know that?
You think I don't know
that I'm a jerk?
I don't want
to be that way.
When I'm hurt, I clam
up and I lash out.
It's kind of a...
clamming anda lashing.
Well, you're not
doing that right now.
No, I'm weeping right
now. It's pathetic.
No, it's human.
And... you should show
more people this side of you.
Heidi would be proud.
I mean, I think.
I didn't know her.
I'm just inferring a lot
from what you said.
All she wanted was to
get back to the ocean,
and I failed.
I failed her.
Sorry I couldn't get you where
you needed to go, Heidi.
Yeah, you did.
You kindof did.
♪
This is a clear
health violation.
Auf Wiedersehen, Heidi.
Hey, I think you
were right about my car.
Yeah, I am.
Dang, cowboy!
You don't look like
a dang cowboy.Well, my outfit
was trashed, so I,
uh, bought new duds
in the gift shop.
And then the, uh,
molasses wouldn't budge,
so I just... buzzed
the old duster.
Oh, my God.
You shaved your mustache.
I didn't notice.
But I did save it
for the scrapbook.
Wait, Darryl, are you okay?
That mustache was a...
big part of your identity.
If you want to cry right now,
I will not yell at you,
I promise.
No, I feel good.
I feel fine.
I'm just happy
to be here with you.
Oh...Oh.
Oh.
♪
Oh, my God.
Oh, whoa, Nelly.
Yeah.
Um...
I'm gonna get
in the car.
There it is.
Looks great.
You're gonna be a great lawyer.
How do you know?
Because you really
care about it.
If you didn't care about it, you
wouldn't have been so worried
and done the thing
with the desk.
But you are and
you did, so...
you will.
Thanks.
Thanks for saying that.
♪
Here, this came in the mail.
It's apartment listings
in the area.
:
Uh-huh.
Dude, you have got to move out
of Hector's mom's house.
You mean so I can establish
my own boundaries,
spread my wings,
find my own path?
No. Because it's sad and weird.
A lot of people keep
saying that to me.
Mm, all right.
DARRYL: So... REBECCA: Yeah.
That was a very
quiet ride home.
Yeah, it sure was.
Um... so, listen, Darryl,
I think we're on the
same page about this,
but... to be clear,
I don't think you and I
are meant for romance.
Oh, God. Oh, good,Okay.
'cause that was why
I didn't say anything.
Oh, my God, that's
why I didn't say anything.
I mean, I thought we
were on the same...
Okay.Okay.
Whew!
You know, I
was thinking,
the fact that I was
attracted to you...
it gives me hope.
Yeah?I mean,
I was attracted
to someone nice.
I mean, if that
can happen,
maybe I can be attracted
to a different type of guy.
You know?
Guys who aren't
withholding or cold or
jerks or unavailable
or dating other people or
immoral or married or...
Nathaniel or Greg or Josh.
I hope one day
to find someone who is as kind
and as loving as you are.
That is so sweet of you to say.
You know what?
I've just decided something.
I'm gonna start dating again.
Well, good for you!Yeah.
I'm gonna fire up the apps,
I'm gonna do it,
and if I'm lucky,
maybe there are other Darryls
out there in the world.
Oh...
Oh.
Mmm.Mmm.
Okay.
You know, just
for the record,
I bet you're
great in bed.
Oh, yeah. I also have
an enormous penis.
Good for you, buddy.
I'm gonna head out.
But I'm gonna need a check.
And much like your penis,
it's gonna be a big one.
♪
You wanted to see me?
Something in particular you
wanted to yell at me about?
No. I...
Please, sit down.
I, um...
I wanted to apologize.
I-I've been...
been horrible to you.
Yeah. Yeah, you have.And, um...
I'm sorry.
Well, that's okay, Nathaniel.
You're a good kid.
I've always seen that.
Thanks.
Um...
I, um...
have something for you.
Oh.
♪
Whew.
Why'd you do that?
Um... well, I'm new
to expressing affection.
Was that not... right?
Well... not exactly.
But it's a start.
I think you're on your way.
Much like my sisters were
on their way to a gouda festival
when they were obliterated.
I... I don't know
what to say to that.
Yeah. Yeah,
it's a toughie.
HEATHER:
Hey, Nathaniel.
Hmm?Guess who
just leased
a brand-new Civic, bitch. There you go.
Did you know there's
Bluetooth in cars now?
Everyone knows that, yeah.That's crazy.
I did that.
I do nice things now.
♪ Good night, my sweet angel
♪ Rest now, my love
♪ You'll be watched over
♪ By Jesus above
♪ And as you sink
into the sweetness of sleep ♪
♪ Know that your daddy's love
♪ Runs just as deep
♪
♪ You lived on my face
♪ Since you were first born
♪ Catching my tears
♪ And occasionally corn
♪ Though my lip may be bare
♪ My soul is quite lush
♪ Farewell, fair mustache
♪ And this tiny brush
♪ And these clippers
♪ And this beard oil
♪ And this backup beard oil
♪ And...
Damn it.
Evelyn?
Can you comfort Hebby?
I'm with my baby.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org